Helm chart info in service dashboards cds 73310 (#3406)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/early-access.md

### Continuous Delivery, version 80711

- Added support for Post Prod Rollback for Native Helm deployment types. For these Services, a Rollback to the previous version can be triggered from the Services Dashboard. For more information, go to [Rollback Deployments](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/rollback-deployments). This feature is currently behind the Feature Flag `POST_PROD_ROLLBACK`. Please contact Harness Support to enable. (CDS-67121)

> - The Services Dashboard includes new support for Helm Chart deployments. (CDS-73310)

Reviewer: This service dashboard itself is behind a FF, should we add that also in release notes?
`CDC_SERVICE_DASHBOARD_REVAMP_NG`

### Continuous Delivery, version 80711

> - Added support for Post Prod Rollback for Native Helm deployment types. For these Services, a Rollback to the previous version can be triggered from the Services Dashboard. For more information, go to [Rollback Deployments](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/rollback-deployments). This feature is currently behind the Feature Flag `POST_PROD_ROLLBACK`. Please contact Harness Support to enable. (CDS-67121)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for Post Prod Rollback for Native Helm deployment types. For these Services, a Rollback to the previous version can be triggered from the Services Dashboard. For more information, go to [Rollback Deployments](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/manage-deployments/rollback-deployments). This feature is behind the Feature Flag `POST_PROD_ROLLBACK`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. (CDS-67121)
```

- The Services Dashboard includes new support for Helm Chart deployments. (CDS-73310)

  :::note Important Notes
  
  - This information appears only for services that were deployed using Helm charts. 
  
  - Currently, this feature is behind the Feature Flag `CDC_SERVICE_DASHBOARD_REVAMP_NG`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
  
  :::

  This dashboard includes the following enhancements:

>   - Tiles in the service overview (**Environments** tab) now show the Helm Chart versions (if any) deployed in each environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Tiles in the service overview (**Environments** tab) now show the Helm chart versions (if any) deployed in each environment.
```
